and friends of youtube today I'm going to
teach how to locate the jincai car
esther de gta 5 I take the opportunity to say that
the car that was seen in the parking
making lights is also there
near where the esther leaves this
good this car only you are going to
find in gt5 fashion campaign in this in
this site
and says and tuned 100% disk iniesta
It is a sports car with the ability to
two people and a speed of 320
kilometers per hour this car in the
Real life would be a honda acura ns x 2015
in online mode you can find it
for 240 thousand dollars
and I also take the opportunity to say
not only the car appears here
esther street also appears the eaves and
the car that was seen at the end of
start forgiveness at the beginning of the video
that was parked with the alarm
lit
it would be good this car that we are now
me up
but I tuned hundred percent already
you will see now we will get here in a
alley
you will see
that looks like it's a vip zone then
very luxurious cars usually spend them
I recommend that you spend at night because
those hours always tend to find them
around here now you will see that the car comes out
see
here is the car tuned 100% the link
to hester
As you can see, he has every fighter now
I will also show another location in the
map and where it's located does also
obviously
here in this position and in the other
destination position that I left in purple
there is a five-seater parking
and on the second floor there is always a
tuned car that can be a surprise
to read and this and the other car that
I found or among several but try it and
you will see that they will not only disappoint
find that in campaign mode
good many thanks to all youtube and
until another day to subscribe and give it to me
like